---
layout: left-sidebar
title: Cyber Science <strong>2017</strong>
description: 2017 IEEE CyberSciTech/DASC/PICom/DataCom
featured: /images/Lake_Eola_Orlando_Florida.jpg
permalink: /
icon: fa-laptop
---

**Towards Cyber-enabled New Sciences, Technologies and Applications** <br/>
**Orlando, Florida, USA, November 6-10, 2017**

Cyberspace has emerged as an unprecedented digital space in addition to conventional spaces, and
further brought about a new global digital environment known as cyberworld. Cyberspace is evolving to
become an integral part of our daily life, and affects our lives in many ways every day. We are
undergoing the revolutionary process of cyberization to form the novel cyberworld and reform existing
physical, social, life and intelligent worlds through cyber technologies including all kinds of computing,
networking and information processing.
Cyber science responds to the digital cyberspace, the cyberization process and the emerging
cyber-enabled new worlds. Cyber science is technology-driven, and aims to create a new collection of
knowledge about the cyber-enabled worlds, and provide a way of discovering what the cyber-enabled
world are and how they work. Cyber science is concerned with the study of phenomena caused or
generated by the cyberworld and the integration of cyber-physical, cyber-social, cyber-life and
cyber-intelligent worlds, and their complex intertwined integration.
Cyber Science 2017 is to provide a high-profile, leading-edge platform for researchers and engineers to
exchange and explore state-of-art advances and innovations in the Cyberworld, and the Cyber-integrated
Physical, Social, Life and Intelligent Worlds. It covers all cyber-related research aspects for the theme
“Towards Cyber-enabled New Sciences, Technologies and Applications”. Cyber Science 2017 invites high
quality papers in the broad cyber areas. Proposals for tutorials, special sessions, workshops, forums,
panels, demos and exhibitions are also extremely welcome.

## Four Co-located IEEE Conferences

- The 2nd IEEE Cyber Science and Technology Congress (CyberSciTech 2017)
- The 15th IEEE Int’l Conf. on Dependable, Autonomic and Secure Computing (DASC 2017)
- The 15th IEEE Int’l Conf. on Pervasive Intelligence and Computing (PICom 2017)
- The 3rd IEEE Int’l Conf. on Big Data Intelligence and Computing (DataCom 2017)

## Co-located Activities

- The Cyber Science Summit – Speeches by top scientists
- Forums on Cyber Society, Security, Life and Intelligence
- Panels on Emerging Issues and Challenges in Cyber-enabled Worlds
- Symposiums on Industrial Innovations and Engineering in Cyberspace
- Exhibitions/Demos on Advanced Cyber Technologies
- Video Competitions on Cyber-enabled New Worlds

## Important Dates

* Workshop Proposal Due: March 30, 2017
* Special Session Proposal Due: April 30, 2017
* Paper Submission Deadline: May 30, 2017
* Author Notification: August 10, 2017
* Camera-ready Due: September 10, 2017

## Publications

Accepted papers will be published by IEEE CPS. Selected papers, after further extensions and revisions
will be recommended for publication in special issues of prestigious journals after the conferences.

## Contact Information

Professor Jun Wang, University of Central Florida, Orlando, Florida, USA <[jwang@eecs.ucf.edu](mailto:jwang@eecs.ucf.edu)>
